Request for Comments: 001                                    CS 4390.001

                                                             Sunni Magan
                                   TODO: add names in alphabetical order

                                                          Novemeber 2022


               Controller Renderer Server Protocol -- CRSP

Abstract

  The Controller Render Server Protocol (CRSP) is an application-level
  protocol to provide a media consumption service to users.

1 Introduction

  1.1 Terminology
  
    This specification uses a number of terms to refer to the roles
    played by participants in, and objects of, the CRSP communication
  
    controller (C)


    render (R)


    Server (S)

    
    connection
        A transport layer virtual circuit established between two
		programs for the purpose of communication.

    message
      The basic unit of HTTP communication, consisting of a structured
      sequence of octets matching the syntax defined in section 4 and
      transmitted via the connection.

    request
      An CRSP request message.

    response
      An CSRP response message.

  1.2 Requirements

    The key words "MUST", "MUST NOT", "REQUIRED", "SHALL",
    "SHALL NOT", "SHOULD", "SHOULD NOT", "RECOMMENDED", "MAY", and
    "OPTIONAL" in this document are to be interpreted as described
    in IETF RFC 2119 [1].

    An implementation is not compliant if it fails to satisfy one
    or more of the MUST or REQUIRED level requirements for the
    protocols it implements. An implementation that satisfies all
    the MUST or REQUIRED level and all the SHOULD level requirements
    for its protocols is said to be "unconditionally compliant"; one
    that satisfies all the MUST level requirements but not all the
    SHOULD level requirements for its protocols is said to be 
    "conditionally compliant."

  1.2  Purpose

    The purpose of the protocol is to allow C to request a list of
    media files (e.g. text or video file) from S, then C can request a
    renderer  to render the chosen file. R, upon receiving a request
    from C, sends a request to S so that S can stream the chosen media
    file to R for rendering. R has a limitation, it does 
    not have the capability to buffer so it just renders what it
    receives from S. During the streaming session, C can request R to
    pause/resume/start-from-the-beginning the streaming. 

  1.3 Limitations

    R shall not have th

